# Instacart
PROBLEM:  • Instacart is considering a targeted marketing strategy.  In order to target the right customer profiles with the appropriate products, they want to learn more about their sales trends and purchasing behavior.  OBJECTIVE:  • Your task is to perform an initial data and exploratory analysis of some of their data in order to derive insights and suggest strategies for better segmentation based of the provided criteria.
# The Instacart stakeholders are most interested in the variety of customers in their database along with their purchasing behaviors. They assume they can't target everyone using the same methods, and they’re considering a targeted marketing strategy. They want to target different customers with applicable marketing campaigns to see whether they have an effect on the sale of their products.
# A customer is considered to be "Loyal" if they have placed over 40 orders, "Regular" if they have placed more than 10 and less than or equal to 40 orders, and "New" if they have placed fewer than 10 orders overall
# What are the busiest days of the week and hours of the day? •The busiest days are Saturday (6) and Sunday (0), this tells us that people love to buy groceries on the weekend when they have more free time. • The busiest hours are between 9 and 16 h
# What different classifications does the demographic information suggest? Age? Income? Most customers have equal purchasing power (up to $200.000). Customers above the age of 40 have larger purchasing power (incomes greater than $400.000).
